A few improvements to Codeigniter's HTML Table library. I really like this apparently under-appreciated library. It's very useful for formatting tabular data. However, there are very limited options for styling generated tables, so I added some features to remedy that. 

This library extends the core Table Class, letting you:
* moves table template into a config file
* allows you to set columns widths
* will auto-generate column classes on cells
* allows you to set row ids and classes

*Installation*
Drop the class in application/libraries and the config file in application/config. The library uses the MY_ prefix to extend the core Table class, so rename if you use a different prefix. 

*Table Config (optional)*
Basically, this just moves the template array into a config file. I find it more convenient to use and modify this way.

*Setting Column Widths*
You can insert your own class names by setting $this->table->classes to an array of your class names.
<pre><code>  $this->widths = array('c0','c1','c2');
</code></pre>

*Setting Column Classes*
By setting 'auto_class' (boolean) will auto-generate column classes for table cells: 'c0', 'c1', etc. Auto class is true by default.

<pre><code>  $this->auto_class = false;
</code></pre>

Alternately, you can insert your own class names by setting $this->table->classes to an array of class names.
<pre><code>  $this->classes = array('first_column','col2','lastcol');
</code></pre>

Example class name generator (note: # of classes == # of columns in table):
<pre><code>  $classes = array();
  for($i = 0; $i < count($numberofcolumns); $i++ ) {
  	$classes[] = 'c'.$i;
  }
</code></pre>

*Setting row ids*
When building your arrays of row data, include an element "row_id" => '<your_value>', this will be parsed and inserted as the row id attribute, and deleted from the array before the row cells are generated.
<pre><code>  $table_rows[] = array('row_id => 'row4', 'cell' => 'value');
</code></pre>

*Setting row classes*
When building your arrays of row data, include an element "row_class" => '<your_value>', this will be parsed and inserted as the row class attribute, and deleted from the array before the row cells are generated.
<pre><code>  $table_rows[] = array('row_class => 'green', 'cell1' => 'value', 'cell2' => 'value');
</code></pre>


Have fun!
